# ImpervaSnapshot CLI

Imperva Snapshot™ CLI is a Command Line tool designed to interact with Imperva Snapshot™. 
Imperva Snapshot™ is a free, fast and easy-to use cloud data security posture assessment service for Amazon RDS managed databases.
Imperva Snapshot™ will deliver a detailed assessment report to your email with these findings:

- Misconfiguration & Bad Practices - Reviews cloud environment settings and database-specific configurations
- Known Vulnerabilities - Identifies and catalogs database vulnerabilities according to publicly disclosed CVEs
- Privacy & Compliance - Classifies sensitive content that may have a privacy impact
- On-boarding takes seconds, and a report will land in your inbox within 15-20 minutes

ImpervaSnapshot™ can be also installed via [ImpervaSnapshot official page](https://www.imperva.com/resources/free-cyber-security-testing-tools/imperva-snapshot-cloud-data-security-posture/): 

Here we will cover how to install it via CLI.

# CloudFormation
imperva-snapshot-cli works by invoking AWS CloudFormation's Create Stack request on your account.
Behind the scenes, imperva-snapshot-cli collects all the information needs in order to satisfy [ImpervaSnapshot CloudFormation Templates](https://labyrinth-cloudformation.s3.amazonaws.com/impervasnapshot-root-cf.yml).

## CF Parameters
The CloudFormation requires only 3 parameter:
- StackName: The name of the CF stack. This is set to 'ImpervaSnapshot' automatically by the CLI
- AuthenticationToken: This is an autogenerated Token that identify and authenticate users. In case you already have one you can input it via the CLI, otherwise the CLI will automatically generate a new one for you
- DBIdentifier: For Classic RDS, use your DB instance ID. For Aurora, use your DB Cluster ID. You can extract your Identifiers from your [aws account page](https://console.aws.amazon.com/rds/home?#databases)

# How to use it
To initiate an Imperva Snapshot™ Scan you need to perform 4 simple steps:
1. git clone https://github.com/imperva/imperva-snapshot-cli.git
2. pip install -r requirements.txt
3. chmod +x installer/main.py
4. python3 ./installer/main.py -i

* You'll need to run `aws configure --profile name_of_your_profile` before you run the CLI

After running the shell script, the interactive CLI will help you fill in the required CF Parameters.

# Your PDF report is on its way
Once the CF Stack will be successfully created, Imperva Snapshot™ will start to create all the resources required in order to safely scan you RDS.
At the end a PDF report will be generated and sent to your mailbox.
